Movie Index
===========

A single-page web application showing a list of movies with infos and trailers. The page is dynamically generated by Python code on the back end.


Running the Web Application
--------------------------------------

### Environment Requirements

The page will be generated by a Python code. To run the code, to following must be installed.

- Python 2.7
- Git

### Getting the Source Code

Clone a copy of the main Movie Index git repo by running:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/elbernante/movieindex.git
```

### Launching the Page

In the command line, go to the directory of movieindex and run the command:

```bash
python index.py
```

A new file **index.html** will be created (if it doesn't already already, otherwise it will be overwritten) in the **movieindex** directory. This file will then be automatically launched on the default browser.


Supported Browsers
--------------------------------------

The following browsers are supported. Other browsers might work, but were not tested.
- Google Chrome on Mac (Version 43)
- Safari on Mac(Version 8)


Files
--------------------------------------

Movie Index is following MVC pattern. It's directory includes 3 main folders ```soul/```, ```outfit/```, and ```brain/``` to represent the model, view, and controller respectively for the design pattern.

```
movieindex/
├── soul/
│   ├── movie.py
│   └── movie_list.json
├── outfit/
│   ├── templates.py
│   ├── template_index.py
│   ├── template_index.html
│   ├── template_tile.py
│   ├── template_tile.html
│   ├── tempalte_nav_bar.py
│   ├── template_nav_bar.html
│   ├── template_banner.py
│   ├── template_banner.html
│   ├── template_footer.py
│   ├── template_footer.html
│   ├── css/
│   │   └── main.css
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── main.js
│   └── lib/
│       └── ... (external javascript libraries)
├── brain/
│   └── control_room.py 
└── index.py
```

#### Model

The ```soul/``` represents the **model** part of the MVC pattern. It holds classes definitions. ```movie_list.json``` holds a list of records of movies which is used to generate instances of ```Movie()``` class. 

#### View

The ```outfit/``` represents the **view** part of the MVC pattern. It holds the files related to the front-end. ```templates.py``` contains an abstract class for html template classes. Each ```*.html``` file has corresponding ```*.py``` file to represent its Python class.

#### Controller
The ```brain/``` represents the **controller** part of the MVC pattern. It contains the ```ControlRoom()``` class which is responsible for coordinating between data and view.

#### index.py
A special file ```index.py``` is the entry point of the application. It generates the ```index.html``` file and launches it in the default browsing through ```ControlRoom()``` class.
